CRIME - Cosmological Realizations for Intensity Mapping Experiments

CRIME is a set of computational tools that can be used to generate mock
realizations of intensity mapping observations of the neutral hydrogen
distribution. CRIME is made up of 3 separate tools:
 - GetHI:  generates realizations of the temperature fluctuations due to
           the 21cm emission of neutral hydrogen. Optionally it can also
	   generate a realization of the point-source continuum emission
	   (for a given population) by sampling the same density distribution,
	   although the use of this feature is discouraged for performance
	   reasons (see the original paper for more details).
 - ForGet: generates realizations of the different galactic and
           extra-galactic foregrounds relevant for intensity mapping
	   experiments. ForGet uses some external datasets (e.g. the
	   Haslam 408 MHz map), which are stored in the folder "data".
 - JoinT:  this is a convenience utility that joins the temperature maps
           generated by GetHI and ForGet and includes several
	   instrument-dependent effects (in an overly simplistic way).

The source code can be found in the folder "src/", and further details
regarding the functionality of each of the programs is provided in
the corresponding README files. Besides these, we also provide a set of
convenience shell scripts that combine these 3 tools so that they can
be run in one go. These are located in the folder "script".

When in doubt, bear in mind that by default CRIME uses the following units:
 - Lenghts: Mpc/h
 - Frequency: MHz
 - Temperature: mK
 - Faraday depths: rad/m^2

License:
CRIME (including GetHI, ForGet and JoinT) are distributed under the GPL
license (see COPYING in the root directory). We kindly ask you to cite
the program's website "http://intensitymapping.physics.ox.ac.uk/CRIME.html"
and accompanying paper "arXiv:1405.1751" when using it for published results.

Contact:
Regarding bugs, suggestions, questions or petitions, feel free to contact
the author:
    David Alonso: david.alonso@astro.ox.ac.uk
